Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
Ripped & Synced by @SULTAN KHILAF
(The autumn wind has gotten
much colder)
(Everyone should be careful
not to get sick!)
I didn't know you were that sickly,
Hee-chul.
(Kim Hee-chul, still suffering from
car accident 11 years ago)
- Careful not to catch a cold.
- You caught a cold?
Hee-chul's definitely a pro, he finished
shooting despite having high fever.
(I must've lost my mind!)
(What was that?)
(He comes to school without
yelling this time)
That was a nice meal!
Why do you always act when you come?
"The food for your soul"?
They say books are food for soul.
Do you hear it? I'm gaining weight
in my heart.
No, just gaining weight physically.
You have no other body parts to gain
weight in, so you do that to your heart?
I told you before, right?
You lose your way in life if you
don't read!
But you got lost so many times!
I told you, books are a navigation
in your life!
I heard you're bad with directions.
Ho-dong brought a really thick
book last time.
I saw him, but he just kept reading
the preface.
With a bookmark!
And he used it as a pillow.
But these days...
- I  heard all he does is to read.
- Who said that?
There are rumors.
That's my brother talking,
a fellow athlete.
"Che-dong!" [acronym]
That stands for "my athlete brother"!
Go ahead and continue.
I heard from many people that
he's been reading a lot.
False rumors.
He said he heard it.
I also heard it's because his son Si-hoo
thinks he's dumb.
Si-hoo thinks his dad doesn't
know anything.
It's about that age he starts
to ask questions.
Ho-dong's so shocked by it that he
started reading a lot.
Hee-chul, you don't read either, do you?
What's the last book you read recently?
That's why you've got no girlfriend!
Is that why?
It's totally empty up here, that's why!
It doesn't matter how good-looking
you are, it's what's inside that counts.
Wait, it's making me even more mad
that it might be true.
I can't deny what he's saying.
What book is that? Why'd you bring it?
That's the only book you've read, right?
What other books have you read recently?
You read a restaurant menu
yesterday.
It was well-written.
He memorized it.
Let's name books that we liked.
I'll go first.
"Walden" by Henry David Thoreau.
It's a must-read!
- Henry wrote it?
- Henry David Thoreau.
He was a Harvard professor, the book's
500 pages long.
Let's stop now.
My head hurts.
(Dizzy from the English title)
It's the most-sold book in America,
other than the Bible.
- Every household's got one.
- What about you, Sang-min?
The book I read recently was...
"Do you want to own a house?
Or rent?"
(Sad that it's so realistic)
Isn't that a real estate pamphlet?
It explains if one should buy a house or
rent instead, and invest elsewhere.
It does a really good job
and comparing the two options.
Have you been featured in a book?
Have you been mentioned in
a book title?
I've been in the content of a book before.
Really? Why?
Lee Soo-man wrote a book before,
and he mentioned my name.
- He wrote about you?
- Yeah.
- That happened to me too!
- How?
What was it called, "Love is..."
"Love is a mean butterfly"?
(A song released in 1983)
(Can't quite remember)
(He was mentioned in a book called
"Eun-gyo" before)
The characters of the book are watching
TV and they talk about me.
I get confused about the title though.
I was once on a cover of a magazine,
every month!
As a cover story!
(Wrestling Monthly)
(A super model in the field of wrestling)
Have you heard of "Jump Ball"?
(He was also famous
in a basketball magazine)
(Everyone's talking about how they were
featured on magazine covers)
(An actress famous for being sweet,
Lee Ha-nui!)
Hello!
Isn't that Lee Ha-nui?
Miss Korea!
(A Miss Universe comes to school today)
(A customized welcome song for Lee Ha-nui)
Hello, I'm from...
"The Brothers Wanted to See Me
So Badly" high school.
I'm Lee Ha-nui, pretty just by breathing.
(A huge smile)
Jang-hoon's got a huge smile on his face.
Let me tell you something.
The production staff should
really thank me.
You got her to come on the show?
Enough already.
The show staff have been trying to
get Lee Ha-nui to come on the show.
And they asked me to help, to give
her a call.
So I talked to her on the phone
for an hour and a half.
- You convinced her?
- I did.
That's why she came on the show,
because of my phone call.
But you told them not to have
Jang Yun-jeong on the show?
I couldn't come on the show
because of a certain person here.
Because of him, Jang-hoon.
He said, "Only girl-groups
come on the show."
He had told Jang Yun-jeong she
shouldn't come on the show.
What percentage would you say
his phone call played a factor?
I'd say about...
About 60%.
It's because...
He called me really late at night,
it was early morning.
He asked what stops me from
coming on the show.
I told him I was a little scared, and he
said,
"I'm here, you got nothing to worry about."
(Thank you, the heart-throb giant!)
(Now he feels embarrassed)
He's feeling so shy right now.
I can't believe I told her that,
I was just so pressured.
I'm sure you talked to her for so long
that she was just fed up.
An hour and a half on the phone?
60% is a lot though.
We used to be on the same show together
when I first started to be on TV.
We'd spend 45 days straight
to shoot an episode, for 6 months.
I heard about this survey
that Lee Ha-nui won.
She looks the most different after
putting on her makeup.
No one would recognize her if she
didn't wear her makeup,
no matter how big of a scene
she might cause.
She looks like a completely
different person!
Why didn't you put on your makeup today?
Jang-hoon must've seen her
without makeup.
She doesn't look that different,
not so extreme.
I still look cute and pretty
without makeup on.
(Embarrassed)
She just looks a little younger
without it.
If I can compare your face
to an animal, as people often do...
You think you got a dog face (Kye-sang)?
Or a cat face?
I think a pig face.
(Failed to make fun of her about
her boyfriend)
I told him not to try it.
He said it on purpose?
I told him not to try it, no one
said anything.
He was just waiting for a chance to
mention his name by himself.
"Kye-sang"? Or a cat face?
Oh, that's what he was saying.
I told him not to mention it!
Doesn't she have a dog face? Like Kye-sang?
(Boiling up in anger)
You have a dog face!
No, not a dog face. More like a cat.
A dog face!
A cat face, I'm telling you.
(I think Kye-sang...)
This is fine, I like this kind of a vibe.
I'm used to it.
I heard she did something amazing
recently.
What was it?
She tried to get on
the Guinness World Records.
She had 100 people play the gayageum
at the same time.
It was 1,000 people.
Wow, 1,000 people?
We tried to have 1,004 people
to be on the Guinness Book.
But more people came than expected.
We had almost 1,200 people playing
the gayageum at the same time.
The motivation behind it
was that China tried something similar with
about 800 people playing the gayageum.
But that can raise an issue later
in the future,
since it's our own traditional instrument.
My mother actually thought of
doing that first.
Her mother is a Living Human Treasure
for her gayageum performance.
Many people agreed to the idea and intent
behind the performance.
I was very grateful, it was like
a miracle to me.
I see that it's very meaningful.
You know that gayageum sound that comes on
on the train?
That's right.
Isn't that a recording
of your sister playing the gayageum?
It's with my sister, with my mom
and myself playing as an ensemble.
I think of you every time
I get on the train.
(Embarrassed)
I heard you're learning it again
from your mother?
I played it since I was 4, for about
20 years.
More than 20 years, 20 to 30 years.
Wow, since she was 4!
It's got a very special place
in my heart.
It's not just about playing a musical
instrument or a hobby, or a career.
It's life itself to you.
You can say that.
I want to see her play it.
Let's hear her play the gayageum!
A lot of people watch this show
overseas too.
It's actually less interesting if you
show it, the viewers might look it up more
if they're more frustrated from
not seeing you play.
(Teasing over the gayageum)
(Her own gayageum)
Isn't this the highest level of
playing the gayageum?
You hit it like this and swords
come flying out of it?
Like in a kung fu movie!
(We can see it in real life!)
This one's got 12 strings.
Some have 24, right?
Have you tried playing one before?
No, never.
It's hard to get one, actually.
I'll teach you how to play "Arirang."
- I get to learn it?
- Hee-chul, sit here.
No, sit here.
(An embarrassing moment
for the Big Star of the Universe)
You looked totally ignorant.
(I thought they sit in the middle
in the movies!)
I saw it in Kung Fu Hustle!
It looked respectful, it's OK.
Sit here, like this.
Hee-chul looks so womanly.
It suits him.
Left hand out straight, like a seagull
flying in the air.
Just put it over the strings.
And the right hand on top of this.
Imagine holding an egg.
Fold your fingers like that.
Just like that!
(Getting into it)
You've got a lot of passion.
(Learning how to play Arirang)
(Intense focus)
(A simple melody)
(Yet it's beautiful and grabs
everyone's attention)
Don't press anything there?
(A private lesson by Ha-nui ends)
(Hee-chul's now playing it on his own!)
Genius!
Try following along with the left hand.
(To a perfect finish)
(Great job, Hee-chul!)
(Amazed)
(Can't believe it's his first time!)
(Embarrassed)
It would've been great if he joined
us for the Guinness Book challenge.
(It's so unlike him to blush)
(Everyone compliments him)
(Hides behind the giant)
- Don't compliment me so much.
- What a musician!
(Then we'll compliment you even more!)
I'm allergic to being complimented.
(Time to listen to Ha-nui's
gayageum performance)
I heard it sounds the best for
the person who's playing it.
She's the closest person
to the instrument.
(A beautiful melody comes as soon
as she touches the strings)
She's tuning.
That's completely true!
The process is called "Dasereum,"
like controlling the notes.
We should call it that instead of
the word, "tuning."
Even at the plastic surgery place,
"I'm here for a dasereum."
"Yes, you need it all over your face!"
"Where would you like to be
dasereum'd?"
- "My nose, a little."
- "Dasereum your nose?"
I like the slow songs more, actually.
- Go ahead!
- Slow songs are great!
But people don't like the slow songs.
No, we'd like it.
(Do what you want!)
Well, it takes an hour to finish the song.
I don't about an hour.
Yeah, I figured.
You can do that for an Internet show.
We can release it separately online,
an hour-long clip.
Let's see who wins, us or the viewers.
We have a set time to shoot this show.
I got it.
(She starts to play)
(Her hands move like they're dancing)
(With fine and detailed sounds)
(Getting into it)
(A beautiful melody of gayageum,
perfect for an autumn evening)
I'll stop here.
(Everyone's amazed)
(Can't help but to applaud)
It's the left hand that really
moves a person's heart.
Ho-dong, you really hit it
right on the point.
This very Korean-feel of sounds
come from the left hand.
(Sounds come in a variety of colors
as the left hand presses on the strings)
It's truly amazing.
Hee-chul was really good too, I know
he's good with musical instruments.
So you studied Korean traditional music?
I did, for a long time.
I went to graduate school for it.
She majored in it.
Bring out what you filled out.
Oh yes, I filled it out.
(A famous Korean traditional song)
Name: Lee Ha-nui.
It's the name of a type of a wind, right?
Yes, they say "ha-nui wind" gather fish
for the people. It's a good wind.
You should shoot a TV commercial
for an air filter, for good wind.
"Ha-nui wind" means "a good wind"?
It's really for the fishermen, I wondered
if I had to marry a fisherman.
Her name's got an awesome meaning.
From: "The Brothers Wanted to See Me
So Badly" high school."
"Brother"? Isn't that the name of...
Yes, I'm in a movie called "Brother."
That's why you're here?
- With Ma Dong-Seok?
- Yes, and with Lee Dong-hwi.
It reminds me of "New World," the movie.
It's our name too, "the Knowing Brothers."
Isn't that our English name for the show?
(Got it)
You couldn't understand our English?
I thought you said, "Elderly Brothers."
She thought we said, "Elderly Brothers."
It's not totally wrong, actually.
Her future dream is
to be a Gypsy who's free.
"You're a lonely and sad lady."
"Crying without an end, following the
stars during the day."
"Following the flowers at night,
the lonely Gypsy lady."
("A Gypsy Lady," a song released in 1988)
(They play along well with each other)
Oh, that song!
Yes, by Lee Chi-hyun and Friends!
I thought it was a song from a musical.
You really are "the Elderly Brothers."
(Average age: 42)
Is she a lot younger than us?
You don't know this song?
I just know the chorus.
- How old are you?
- Same age as you are.
Born in a Year of the Pig?
I wanted to meet Hee-chul because of it.
- Born in 1984?
- In 1983.
(She looks much more mature
than her age)
She looks her age without makeup,
she looks younger.
But she looks more mature
with makeup on.
She looks young now, too.
Yes, but even younger without makeup.
OK, fine!
(Taken aback)
(Calling over the jib out of embarrassment)
(She feels embarrassed too)
He went around every waiting room to ask
us not to mention Kye-sang.
He came up to me, too.
"I'm gonna kill you if you mention
anything about Kye-sang."
(Embarrassed)
He was trying to protect her
like she's Psy.
She's a really close friend of mine.
And she came on the show
because I asked her to.
I have to take care of her.
You shouldn't be so calculative
when you're shooting a show.
(I shouldn't have said anything)
This is a very honest show!
Just go with whatever your heart tells you.
Imagine how it was for me, we share
the same waiting room.
She's on his "top three" list, for over
10 different categories!
(Everyone's complaining about Jang-hoon's
special treatment for Ha-nui)
I like how Jang-hoon gets like that.
He can be a tough guy, but he can't lie.
I was worried that he might say something
wrong on TV.
It's because I met him when he just
started to be on TV.
He wasn't in a very good condition then.
In many ways!
I was worried how he'd be able to
adjust to his new life as a TV celebrity.
But he turned out really well!
He's totally blossomed in his new career.
I'm so proud of him whenever I see him.
He's well-adjusted on TV shows,
and is also looking for his new love.
I really hope that happens for him.
What kind of a woman will match him well?
Actually, for Jang-hoon...
(Wants to hear something nice)
He should just live alone.
(Applauding at this unexpected twist)
(Consoling him)
She's right, it's true.
I watched him for a long time, we
practically lived together for the show.
There are parts about him that must be
very difficult for a woman to handle.
But they're not something I can criticize
him over.
He's just like that.
(Is that a good thing?)
He's lived that way for 40 years, you can't
just tell him not to be so clean.
"Don't use so many wet wipes," "Stop
nagging," "Don't be so cold..."
You shouldn't tell him those things.
It'll be great if he finds a woman who
can match him.
Someone who won't try to change him.
He's got lots of pride.
He needs to marry someone who doesn't
know how he is, outside of Korea.
I... I can take care of myself.
We can visit a foreign country if you
marry a foreigner!
I thought everyone would get scared
when he'd get so serious like this.
It's just here that Jang-hoon gets
treated so miserably like this.
(Miserable)
Her strength is really amazing.
I bet no one knows this game in the world.
Her strength is limbo, but...
It's "a conditional limbo."
What do you mean by that?
I wrote that because of Soo-geun
and Jang-hoon.
(Because of us?)
Oh, because of the difference in height.
It should start from where
our belly buttons are,
then go lower by 5 cm each time.
But if we just start at the same height,
it's too hard for Jang-hoon and
it's too easy for Soo-geun.
I go through many difficulties
because I'm short,
I should be at an advantage for
at least this!
Soo-geun, I'm really your fan though.
OK, I agree then.
(She really is a fan of his)
You dance like an old woman,
I've never done that.
(She dances like she's an older woman)
The shoulder-dance is for a different song.
(Many things can be understood
from the shoulder-dance)
You have to be at least in your
mid-30s to dance like that.
You dance like this when you're
in your 40s.
Let's set up this conditional limbo game.
(Conditional limbo match)
(Starting from each person's
belly button height)
Let's start from Jang-hoon's height.
That's where Soo-geun's neck is.
(You can really see
the difference in height)
Wait, Ha-nui!
You're wearing a watch.
She's wearing one!
What brand is it?
I saw a lot of expensive ones here.
You need to bet your watch.
(Sang-min comes to appraise it)
(It's hard to see...)
He can't see so clearly anymore
from aging.
(Hard to see)
Forget about the watch.
What's your shoe size?
260 mm.
(We'll bet our shoes today)
You fit in them?
(Ha-nui can fit in Soo-geun's shoes
perfectly!)
(How about Ha-nui's shoes?)
(Perfect!)
(How shocking)
(They fit so well)
(They didn't expect to have the
same shoe sizes)
Give up your shoes if you lose.
OK!
You wear size 260?
255 to 260.
(A match over their shoes since
they wear the same size)
She's got huge feet compared to others.
We should start with Jang-hoon,
it's at his height.
There's no way we can beat a girl
when it comes to how flexible we are.
I don't think I can do this,
there's no way.
How can I do that?
With the legs first.
Bend your back, then out.
You need to learn how to see the world
from a lower position.
Wow, he's really big from this angle.
(Jang-hoon fails on the first level)
There's just no way I can do this.
Let's go in the height order then.
It's possible for Yeong-cheol, he's
got a clean back.
He's never really used his back muscles
before.
(Level 1 challenge)
(Flexible)
(Yeong-cheol clears Level 1 with ease)
Just finish it off in 3 tries.
(Level 2 challenge)
(Yeong-cheol also clears Level 2!)
(Sometimes we find hidden talents
with this guy)
That's amazing!
Lowering it another 5 cm.
- You're in your mid-40s.
- I should be good at this, at least.
(Level 3 challenge)
You got a very fresh back.
Like a Hungarian gymnast, right?
He actually tried gymnastics before,
but was rejected because of his face.
(A gymnastic angel, Kim Yeong-cheol)
I did want to get into gymnastics.
I had no idea!
Good, good!
This is hard.
(Another success?)
(He cheats by moving his head)
- That's a fail.
- That's no good?
(He fails despite his victory ceremony)
OK, next!
It's not the right mentality
of an athlete.
Kyung-hoon's good at this, right?
(Kyung-hoon's Level 1 challenge)
My back's been hurting lately.
(He clears Level 1 with ease)
Everyone's so flexible?
Better than me, I think.
(Now challenging Level 2)
Everyone's so good!
(Nervous)
(He clears Level 2!)
Go down another 5 cm.
This can be dangerous.
(Challenging Level 3!)
This is where Yeong-cheol failed?
Yes, at Level 3.
It's harder because of what's
in the middle.
You can't do that, I did it on the mat.
It's up to me.
That's fine, right?
(He succeeds in clearing Level 3!)
He clears Level 3!
Wow, you're good!
Let's try Level 4!
This is no joke.
Here I go!
Slowly, you can do it!
(Almost...)
(Kyung-hoon clears Level 4!)
(Speechless)
Fight on!
Challenging Level 5!
Slowly, yes!
I might poop.
(Will he poop?)
(Or succeed?)
(Kyung-hoon clears Level 5!)
I can't believe it!
No way!
(Unbelievable!)
He got it?
(He's the star of the show again this week)
Level 6!
This is impossible!
(Challenging Level 6!)
This is really amazing.
This is really low.
I feel like my back hurts
from just watching.
It's the last one to clear.
You got it, you got it!
(Kyung-hoon clears Level 6!)
(God, is this really my own body?)
(Shocked)
(Can't think straight from the shock)
(It's a sporting match, rather
than comedy)
(Challenging Level 7!)
Maybe I shouldn't be a singer
to make a living.
I should look for a limbo competition.
(The one who suggested the game
is already in shock)
It's hard for me to just crawl
under it.
This is hard already.
You're done already, just wait
in the waiting room.
(Excuse me)
Come on.
This one!
If you can clear this one, really...
(Will he succeed in clearing Level 7?)
I think he's already won the match
at Level 6.
I think many people will criticize
this game.
Why?
I think this is Level 2 for me.
All the short people will get mad.
We should've played a game
for the short people.
(Unintentionally blamed)
I'm gonna try.
(Challenging Level 7!)
This will be unprecedented!
If you clear this, it's really incredible.
(Slowly feeling the limitation
of what his body can handle)
This was the only thing Yeong-cheol
could beat us in.
- You haven't gone yet?
- Everyone forgot about me already.
You got it, you got it!
I'm gonna try.
(Kyung-hoon clears Level 7!)
My legs are giving out now.
(I'm so proud of you, my son!)
(Challenging Level 8!)
(Going for a new record, regardless
of winning)
This will be the challenge of your life!
He's the king of limbo!
He should be called "Lim" Kyung-hoon.
I am very responsible for things
that are given to me.
But for Soo-geun to be at Level 8,
it'll be this low!
People will blame you for this.
It's down here for Soo-geun!
(Feels bad for no reason)
(Challenging the unprecedented Level 8!)
You should dig the ground ahead of time.
I might go even lower.
- Level 8!
- Wow, let's see it!
This might be hard.
Hold on, whoa!
(Please!)
(Kyung-hoon fails at Level 8)
(He failed, but put up a great fight!)
That was an awesome failure.
(Kyung-hoon is favored to win)
(Soo-geun makes his challenge)
I'll show you exactly where.
(Peeking out)
Your belly button is so cute!
You're lifting up your belly button!
(But it's still very low)
Others' Level 5 is my Level 1.
(Soo-geun's challenge in Level 1)
The games are advancing more and more.
(Soo-geun clears Level 1!)
He's got 2 kids!
With great manners! I went
straight ahead.
(Challenging Level 2!)
I think he can totally do it.
I stop here.
(Soo-geun fails at Level 2!)
I saw you tipping backwards.
(Difficult even for Soo-geun,
our ace player)
I felt like getting pulled.
Lee Ha-nui, lastly!
From where?
I'm right here.
Go higher.
Her belly button's so high!
She'll clear at least Level 3.
Ha-nui, you can't come with
an extra belly button.
(So ridiculous)
You made another belly button
for this game!
Your belly button's higher than mine?
I'm right here1
I'm here.
(Skepticism over her belly button height)
It's not so different than where
mine is.
It's advantageous if you're tall
and flexible.
Is that right? Should I try it?
She suggested this game for a reason.
- Have you done yoga?
- She probably cussed a lot [pun].
(Challenging Level 1)
She probably has in movies.
She's struggling already.
(Ha-nui barely clears Level 1!)
I think Level 3, if miracle happens.
(Unsure of herself)
How can a man be that good
in limbo?
(King of Limbo, "Lim" Kyung-hoon!)
People don't play this game
that much anymore.
Not since that old TV show.
Right?
(Ha-nui clears Level 2!)
Put it lower.
(Challenging Level 3!)
Kyung-hoon cleared Level 7!
It'll be amazing if she did Level 9.
How am I gonna do this?
I feel my limit already.
(Crack)
(Stretching like a thug)
I can see what kind of stretching that is.
(Everyone poses like a thug)
(Challenging Level 3!)
Cleared!
(Ha-nui clears Level 3!)
Women are more flexible.
I'm not that flexible considering.
(Still leading by a lot)
(Crack)
She might clear Level 5.
(Challenging Level 4!)
How's Kyung-hoon so flexible
with his back?
(Sighs)
I suggested this game, Level 4
is not good enough.
(Will she clear Level 4?)
You got it, you got it!
(Ha-nui fails at Level 4!)
(Min Kyung-hoon wins the conditional
limbo match!)
(He had no idea himself)
(He's now got a nickname, "Lim Kyung-hoon")
I feel bad now.
We welcome her to our school!
Congratulations, Ha-nui!
It's time for her quiz.
Leave your shoes behind when you go.
(Oh, that's right!)
Don't just leave after losing
the bet.
Don't pretend like nothing happened.
You "poop brother!"
- You feel good that I'm here?
- Good!
- How about you, the big brother?
- I feel good!
Good, good! Me too.
Did you have a drink during break time?
This is how I am normally.
Should I calm down a little?
No, that's good!
Let's start with the first question.
I told you already that Jang-hoon
and I did a show together,
"Four Sons and One Daughter."
Something happened then when I felt
like Jang-hoon's such a great person.
What do you think happened?
I got it!
I used to love that show.
He said, "Just trust me."
"Just trust me"? No.
I got it!
When you saw Jang-hoon being so considerate
for all the staff members.
When Ha-nui's manager didn't have
money for gas,
Jang-hoon gave him 20,000 dollars
for gas money.
That's not it.
He was very nice to him though.
Yeah, he knows how to treat
people well.
I got it!
He asked the elderly couple there
why they were still together.
He asked them nicely, "Isn't it about
time you get sick of each other?"
That I told them to break up?
He suggested that they have
a new experience.
No. It was the equivalent of my
asking him a favor, and he accepted.
It was a hard one.
I got it!
A difficult favor...
- You asked to borrow money from him.
- Money?
Yeah, you asked to borrow like
100,000 dollars.
A difficult favor, right?
No, no.
It's got nothing to do with money.
Honestly speaking...
It's hard even for a real brother
to do this for me.
(Jang-hoon himself isn't so sure either)
He sucked out the spices of a piece of
kimchi because it was too spicy for you.
(An amazing ability to imagine that)
That can happen, right?
Grandmas do that, right?
Isn't that too disgusting?
It's not about something dirty?
Actually, it can feel that way depending
on what you make of it.
He waited for you in front of the bathroom
because you were scared.
And you fainted after at the sight of him.
(That's possible!)
(The giant can be scarier than the ghost)
Bathroom?
I got it! Maybe there was no bathroom.
Right.
They don't have a lot of bathrooms
in the countryside.
Maybe you had to go number 2 outdoors.
You wanted to go, but you were embarrassed
over the noise you might make.
So Jang-hoon beat-boxed to
the timing of your pooping.
It's very close!
I got it, I know the answer.
There were a lot of people here,
but no one around on this side.
So you can go easily there.
You had to cross a stream, and he
became the bridge for you.
So you stepped on him to go over.
"Step on me to go over."
Your real brother can't do that!
Right? It's such a kind act.
So creative!
I think he could've, but refused because
he thought it's too dirty.
Kyung-hoon's answer was very close.
Almost there.
I said he waited for her in front
of the bathroom.
Jang-hoon kept talking so Ha-nui
won't get scared.
(The giant's voice was soothing
for Ha-nui?)
Where?
Sitting in front of you like this.
- "Jang-hoon, what are you doing?"
- "Long time ago..."
So you won't be scared.
You're almost there!
It wasn't at a bathroom.
There probably weren't any street light
since it was at a countryside.
It was completely dark.
So you told him that you didn't
want to go outside alone,
and the bathroom was too far.
You asked him to go with you.
So while Ha-nui was taking care
of business...
He stood by you to keep you
company.
That's right! It's the correct answer.
I had to go pee at night, in the mountains.
He kept a look-out for me.
(You're amazing, Jang-hoon!)
I really had to go.
There was a tub, but they left
cameras on.
I couldn't use it, but I had to.
There was a bathroom,
the squatting kind.
It was far and there were many scary
dogs tied up on the way.
I was so scared, whenever I got
near them,
the dogs would go crazy at seeing
me since they weren't familiar.
I just didn't have the courage
to go past them.
I was also scared of snakes.
And also scared that the dogs
might bite me.
I thought of old ghost stories like
a ghost offering me different
colors of toilet paper.
All these thoughts were going through
my mind.
I couldn't help it, so I woke Jang-hoon up.
He was asleep?
I asked him to walk me to the bathroom.
He was taken aback at first.
He didn't know what to do.
Of course he was.
He probably thought she woke you up
for a different reason.
(A different reason?)
No, we weren't like that.
That's when I first met her.
It was our first house for the show.
It was our first episode.
It wasn't much of a bathroom.
I actually slipped over frozen ground
and fell.
I fell, then got up, and we were going
to the bathroom but she said she couldn't.
Then I looked around and saw
a small hen house.
And next to the hen house, there was
a place she could go just to pee.
I asked the cameramen to go away.
I told her she should go there and
kept a look-out for her where
I couldn't see her.
It was next to a hen house.
She was about to go, and the chickens
started going crazy.
I almost passed out, I was so scared.
I already pulled down my pants
and I started to go.
Then the chickens started going crazy.
I screamed.
But I still had to finish going.
Jang-hoon must've thought you had to
let out a big one.
"Where are you, Jang-hoon?"
"I'm right here."
"Don't go anywhere!"
But I didn't want him to hear me go,
"But don't come close!"
"Don't go anywhere but don't come
close either."
He had to stay there.
He makes chicken noise really well.
(He tricked Ha-nui)
You thought they were chickens?
(Was that the case?)
He's an expert at making chicken noises.
(No one knew Jang-hoon had that talent)
Ha-nui had a public image of being someone
so city-like and modern.
But after seeing that episode...
People got to know how down-to-earth
she is from the show.
You're making a lot of effort, Jang-hoon.
But Gu-Ra was there, so were Min-jong
and Jae-won.
Why'd you ask Jang-hoon?
I just felt the most comfortable with him.
With Jang-hoon?
He felt like he was my real older
brother, I feel the same now.
What would you have said if she were
really your sister?
And asked you to take her to
the bathroom?
One word, 100%.
(I'm sleeping)
(Right?)
I'm sure I would've for my real sister.
Jang-hoon that I know would've.
That happens a lot in the countryside,
when you're little.
Anything funny happened since he's so
down-to-earth?
It was her who was so down-to-earth.
Not really me.
I didn't become this way, but I was always
like this since I was little.
It's just her personality.
I got in trouble a lot because of
this one habit that I had.
What do you think it was?
You'd steal!
Stealing out of people's wallets.
No, I didn't do anything
criminal like that.
- How old?
- Maybe around 4 or 5.
A habit of yours when you were little?
Did you wet your bed?
Similar.
You pooped in your bed?
You left the door open when you
went to the bathroom.
No, not that.
(That was funny, Yeong-cheol)
That's true, what's similar to pee
is poop.
You said it was similar!
You'd pee standing up?
(Close!)
Pee...
You'd pee while standing upside down!
No.
I got it, you'd pee on your dad's face!
You just need to get the place right.
Oh, you'd pee somewhere in your room,
like in your closet!
- Not a closet
- Fridge?
No, not a fridge.
I got it! Because you were little...
You'd pee on the mat where dogs
go pee on.
No, not it.
On your room floor?
No.
Some people might have this in your house
or not.
Everyone's got washer and dryer,
or a fridge.
You'd pee in the flower pots to water them!
No.
Some might have it or not?
Yes, like flower pots, some have them
but some don't.
In the fish tank!
That's right!
(She'd pee in the fish tank?)
How can you do that?
I'd climb up to the fish tank
and go there.
Mine looked like a toilet bowl.
For the turtles, actually.
I'd climb up and get in position,
it felt like it was made
for me to go there.
(It can happen if you're a kid)
Did you have any habits that you
couldn't easily fix?
I wet my bed until I was in middle school.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Me too, actually.
- While you were asleep?
- Yeah, found out in the morning.
It wasn't a wet dream?
Never mind.
(Did we hear it wrong?)
(So bright)
She's like that!
It's not weird to have a wet dream.
I'd wet my bed until I was
in middle school.
I had low blood pressure too, had anemia.
(I see)
I'd wet my bed until I was in the 5th
or 6th grade too.
5th or 6th grade?
There were many kids in the countryside
who'd wet their beds.
I used to suck on my thumb for a long
time, too.
Did you guys eat your booger too?
- Yeah, I did.
- I didn't.
A lot of kids would hide and eat it,
so they won't get in trouble.
It's seasoned well.
(Great with rice!)
(That's what Soo-geun did?)
Moving on to the third question.
Finishing at my story?
What is this?
It ends with your experience of
eating your booger!
I'm sure we all did, whether or not
we remember it.
(Sure, to make Soo-geun feel better)
I'd drink from my runny nose!
We do that still.
It just happens.
Besides that, did you do anything bad
while growing up?
What was the worst thing you did?
I ran away from home once.
For how long?
A few days. Not that long.
How old were you?
I did that often.
Even when I was little.
My parents thought I was kidnapped,
and they put a prize to look for me.
- Because you were mad at them?
- I just left.
When I was little, I'd just
leave the house.
And didn't come home for a few days?
- Not like you ran away then.
- No, not then.
You wanted to be a Gypsy even
when you were little!
I think so, a little.
Why'd you leave your home later on?
Because I felt so frustrated.
I felt really lost when I was in
middle school and high school.
I felt very pressured from what I was
supposed to achieve.
I know what you mean.
How about you, Jang-hoon? I'm sure
it was hard training all the time.
You'd come home after a hard day of
training, and your parents nag you more?
It'll make you want to rebel, right?
I ran away from home because of that.
But I had nowhere to go.
It was a cold winter night.
And I slept on the street.
You left home and slept out
on the street?
I had nowhere to go, it was very cold.
I thought he was asking me a question.
(But he told his own story)
Why'd you ask me then?
I'm saying that's what happened to me.
I did that before, is what I'm saying.
I was a sensitive kid back then.
I ran away from home for 5 days before,
and slept over at my friend's house.
My dad raised me, and he actually told
me to just go to my friends' places.
(The missing 5 days of Soo-geun's life)
He had no interest in my life.
He didn't even know.
He didn't even tell me to eat.
I never ran away from home in middle
or high school.
I was busy from training.
But in college, after getting into
Yonsei University...
I was already pretty famous by then.
I told my school that I was gonna quit
playing basketball, and left the school.
From the dorm?
Yeah, and I spent a week at my friend's
house instead of going home.
Why'd you want to quit?
Let me just say that I got yelled
at a lot.
I got yelled at a lot.
I was already known as a famous
basketball player,
but I got yelled at so much that I
wanted to quit playing basketball.
I'm sure that's why you became
such a great player.
Yes, that's true, I love my coach.
But back then, I was younger.
I got yelled at a lot!
My coach gave me such a hard time.
It was to the point that I didn't care
about basketball or winning championship.
I stormed out and said I was quitting.
It happened about 3 times.
He looks very gentle, he doesn't look
like he'd do that.
But he's really scary.
I almost died a few times.
Sorry, Coach.
Here's my third question.
When I was shooting the movie, "Tazza,"
I laughed out hysterically because
of my manager once.
What do you think happened?
"Tazza" is about gambling, right?
You asked the manager to shuffle the cards.
And your manager slipped in
an extra card to cheat.
And you made a lot of money
because of it.
No.
Your manager came on the movie!
It's a mistake he made because
he didn't really know.
You said a line while shooting,
"What do you think you're doing?"
Then he answered you, "I'm sorry
Ha-nui!"
"I apologize!"
He got so used to getting beat up
by you.
So he said that out of habit, out loud.
While she was in the shoot already!
The manager replied to your line.
To give you a hint,
it was something that happened
over vitamins.
Oh, I got it!
You asked for vitamins because
you were tired.
But he got you laxatives instead.
No, not it.
They don't even sound similar!
How can he confuse them?
They do sound similar.
(Do they?)
I'm sure if someone else said it,
we'd get mad because it's not funny.
It's OK if Kyung-hoon says it.
You asked for vitamins but he brought
cold medicine out of nowhere.
That's very close, very similar.
You know the type that you mix in water
and it bubbles up?
I didn't' know about it.
But I just put it straight
into my mouth.
I wanted some vitamins.
But they didn't really work for me, and
made my face twice as big.
Twice as big, from that size?
You must've ballooned up,
floating in the air!
I guess some vitamins can have
side effects.
I was so shocked.
I think you said the answer.
The vitamin you're supposed to
put in water...
He just ate it.
He drank water after, then started
to bubble up in his mouth.
That's right!
(Stares at him)
I caught on from what you were saying.
I asked for vitamins,
the bubbling type.
But that manager never saw it before.
He was amazed at how it worked.
He was looking at it for a long time
in the car.
I was wondering why he kept
looking at it.
So I was watching him.
He's supposed to put it in water.
But he went...
That's what happened!
(Vitamin explosion in his mouth)
It was a huge fiasco.
I'm sure it gets worse when you
pour water into your mouth!
He was a big guy, as big as Ho-dong.
He was so pure-hearted.
He made a huge scene, he thought
he was gonna die.
That's what happened.
- That's cute.
- Yeah, he was.
It's hard to spit stuff out when you're
in shock.
If your glove catches on fire, you should
just take off the glove.
But people try to put it out.
He could've just spat it out, but he
was in shock that he couldn't.
That's true, out of shock.
Soo-geun, too!
He can just run away from Ho-dong if
Ho-dong beats him up,
but he just gets shocked and gets
beat up.
No, he beats me up in the waiting room
these days.
Yeah, I beat him up now.
Don't do it!
(Gets scared)
Any episode from taking the wrong medicine?
You should only take medicine after
talking to a pharmacist.
Everyone's careful about it?
Even before?
When I catch a cold, I'm fighting
a big one right now,
I don't want the virus to think
less of me by taking medicine.
So I never take any cold medicine,
and never have.
- To strengthen your immune system?
- Yes.
There's this medicine you take,
made out of bee venom.
They inject you with it, given by
an acupuncturist.
My back was hurting really bad once,
and that's what I got.
He suggested that I get a lot of those
shots since I'm big.
- My back was no longer the problem.
- You get the chills.
- I was shivering like Yoo
Oh-seong on "Friend". - Friend!
I spent the next two days shivering.
I was like this.
- Really? - Two days later, my back
was better and so was my back.
It's because I was shivering so much I
forgot about how much my back hurt.
That's how my back got better.
I sprained my ankle playing soccer
since I loved playing soccer so much.
I couldn't put any weight on it.
I knew it was bad.
I was about to get bee acupuncture
and I shouldn't have said anything...
but I told him our family
owned a bee pollen farm.
I confidently told them
I had no fear of bees.
I was stung a lot before. I laid in
bed for two days after my treatment.
Your ankle was better, wasn't it?
Two days later, my shivers were
gone and I was so happy I...
wasn't shivering that I got up
and got myself a drink of water.
I was so surprised.
You get the shivers so badly that
you forget how much pain you're in.
The shivering is worse than the pain.
You forget about the pain.
We might set a trend with bee
sting treatment after this show.
You can't over do-it.
They used excess on me because of my size.
Him because of size, me
because of no fear of bees.
It's good if you get an exact amount.
That's so fascinating.
Korean wrestlers hold onto bands.
They hold onto the waistbands like this.
All our fingers are contorted
this way after the match.
These fingers are turned the other way
What about when you play the gayageum?
Not only do my fingers hurt
but my shoulders as well.
I feel like I'll keep living with
pain all my life. I'm used to it.
I'm not sure why it happens. My teacher
couldn't raise her arms before she died.
There was no physical therapy back then.
We always have to sit sideways. Hee-chul
felt how strong the strings are.
You have to keep picking at the
strings while keeping them down.
It's the worst posture since
one hand is holding it...
down, the other is playing
and your back is twisted.
It's not easy making beautiful music.
- All my friends, who play an instrument
go through pain. - That's true.
- My wrist hurts too. - Why?
- Because you hold your mic this way?
No, because of my mouse and keyboard.
I have callus here as well.
Kyung-hoon and I have the same callus.
You see?
- You got callus from holding the mouse?
- Yeah.
- Really?
- Yes, show the camera.
My goodness.
- That's pretty serious.
- You can see the color difference here.
- Stop, it's not good for young viewers.
- You guys are too much.
- Should we move onto the next question?
- Yeah.
- Stop asking him questions.
- This humming conversation is fun.
Humming conversation.
- I'll ask the next question.
- Okay.
I love playing the gayageum,
but when I was in school...
I used to try to get out of
practice by being sneaky.
How did I act sneaky in high school
when I didn't want to practice?
Isn't it obvious? You said you had on
a lot of casts when you were young.
You weren't hurt but you
wore fake casts on purpose.
I did, but it wasn't that.
I usually did this during ensemble classes.
I purposely didn't go to
class, but how did I not go?
- You cut one of your gayageum strings.
- No.
Did you do it on purpose?
I depended on it. It was
an automatic reaction.
It's something I did when I
didn't want to go to class.
I became the gayageum.
You wanted to skip class and since
the gayageum case was so big...
you decided to hide
inside the gayageum case.
That's the answer, isn't it? I'm right!
(Hee-chul gets it right)
He got it right?
She hid inside the case.
Honestly, I would take a nap
inside the gayageum case.
I used it like a sleeping bag
inside the instrument storage room.
No one could find me if I hid inside
the case like a sleeping bag.
- You can fit in there?
- Yeah, I can.
- Can we get a case?
- Do we have one?
That's really big.
- That's...
- It's as big as a sleeping bag.
You could use that outside in the winter.
You can see how thick this is.
I think Jang-hoon could even fit in there.
It's been a long time
since I've laid in here.
This is what you used to do
in junior and high school.
I would lay here and zip it up.
- You want me to zip it up?
- Yeah.
I would sleep like this.
Watch your hands.
You slept like that?
Where's Ha-nui? Ha-nui!
- Where's Lee Ha-nui?
- Ha-nui isn't here.
(Rolling away)
Let's move onto the next corner!
- That's how she would avoid people?
- Can we lift you like this?
- That's fascinating.
- The handle might rip.
It's not so bad since it's
warm during the winter.
- You fit perfectly in there.
- She does.
- How does she fit in there? - Korean
wrestlers do the same thing during summer.
There are a lot of trees around the arena
and we'll lay our bands down on the grass.
We sleep on our bands.
Even on the streets.
No, not only can you sleep in there...
but you can play with it as well.
- Is it something you did?
- Yes, I did.
It's really hard to do.
What? Do you try to escape on your own?
- Escaping by yourself?
- Do you want to try?
No, no. I don't want to.
- Try it. Let's try it. Show us.
- Should we try it?
- You're being so enthusiastic today.
- You should go help her.
You're too much.
- You can show us with her.
- You can't help your enthusiasm, can you?
I bet Jang Yun-jeong is crying
tears of blood right now.
I wasn't mean to Jang Yun-jeong!
Yun-jeong was afraid to come on the show.
This game is called hopping gayageum.
Hopping gayageum.
Do you guys remember
hopping in potato sacks?
It's a simple racing game
of going and coming back.
I bet this will be so fun.
- Did gayageum students
actually play this game? - Yes.
- You have to be the fastest.
- I can't wait to play. Come on guys.
- He's so enthusiastic.
- His name is Seo Enthusiastic.
- Jang-hoon is so supportive. - It looks
like a guitar case when you carry it.
- It looks like your underwear.
- That's a smaller case.
You can make the teams, Ha-nui.
Let's go three against three.
- Three against three.
- Two need to sit out.
- Like a relay?
- Hee-chul can't play this.
I think this will be alright for me.
- You can choose first, Ha-nui.
- Loser buys jajangmyeon?
- Okay.
- How about naengmyeon? - The losing
team leader has to buy for everyone.
- Okay.
- Can you order jajangmyeon, please?
(Team Ha-nui versus Team Jang-hoon)
- Ho-dong!
- You can't jump without your shoes on?
Look at him. My goodness.
- Are you ready? - Don't zip it up too far.
My goodness. Why is everyone so good?
Yeong-cheol and Kyung-hoon
aren't joking around.
We're not joking either.
- Let's try hard.
- You can jump any which way you like.
You can roll if you want to.
- Okay.
- Let's go, let's go.
- Get ready!
- Is everyone ready?
- Get ready.
- Let's not cheat.
- They ordered jajangmyeon for us.
- No pushing.
Ho-dong is cheating.
Geez, Ho-dong!
- Push him. Push him.
- You got this.
(They neck-and-neck through the midpoint)
(Ho-dong comes in a bit
faster and relays the baton)
- Take it off! Hurry.
- Take it off. You're good.
Hurry and put it on.
- You're good.
- Go, go, go.
We're supposed to be zipped up.
- Zip it up!
- You forgot to zip it.
- You can go!
- We have rules to keep. - Go!
We have rules here.
Pull up the case higher. You
have to pull it up higher.
Hold onto the bottom of the case.
(Confusion and chaos)
- You need to hurry.
- Hold towards the bottom of the case.
You can take your time.
Hold it up, pull up the zipper.
You have to put your feet in.
- He's ahead of you.
- Jump longer. Have bigger strides.
He didn't even pull up the zipper.
(Collision)
Good, good.
What are we doing?
Is it my turn now?
Soo-geun! Soo-geun. Take
it and start running!
Hurry, pull up the zipper.
Pull up the zipper.
- Am I zipped up?
- Are you done zipping me up?
- You're done.
- I'm good to go!
(He purposely gets in Ha-nui's way)
You should use your words.
You have to pay for our
jajangmyeon delivery.
We won! We won.
Keep going, Ha-nui. You
have to finish the race.
- You can't fall over. Don't fall.
- You can push him aside.
(Easy-going)
They're starting to fight now.
- Hold on.
- It'll be disaster if he falls.
No, that's not what I meant!
It'll be disaster if he falls.
(Wow, thank you)
(Soo-geun wins with Ha-nui's help)
Jang-hoon cheated first.
- This is a variety show.
- We're on a variety show!
This was our practice game.
It was just for practice.
From this point on...
- It was practice. - We'll accept her
wishes. This time, let's play really dirty.
- Cheat all you can.
- Really?
- It'll be a survival race.
- Really? Okay. Let's let them have it.
- Okay, okay.
- Alright?
- Spin-off.
- Sounds good, a spin-off.
- Okay, spin-off.
This spin-off could become a regular game.
- Kyung-hoon is dangerous.
- Play as dirty as you can.
Watch me, Kyung-hoon. You won't
get hurt if you pull on the case.
It looked dangerous since
you were holding it so low.
- I'll do what I want.
- Okay, you do that.
Leave him alone.
Why don't you crawl there?
Ho-dong, play as dirty as you can.
Make one of them faint.
You have an opportunity to
show us something scary.
You've been joking around too much.
Do anything you want that's
allowed on television.
- We can shove.
- Can't we hold onto them?
- You can't do that.
- I can lasso you guys like this.
No, you can't do that.
Try it if you can do it, Ho-dong.
- Let's do this.
- Where do you think you're looking?
My goodness, such a creep.
Get ready. Start.
Hurry. Hurry to the midpoint.
Hurry and when you come back,
I'll give him a side-kick.
Hurry! He's catching up to you.
He's going to get you!
(I'll catch you, no matter what)
That's good, that's good.
Turn around, Hee-chul!
(Someone save Hee-chul)
That's good.
Come this way!
(Scared to death)
- Be careful, careful.
- Let's hurry up.
- You have to hurry up.
- Good job, good job.
Why is everyone so good?
(The two hassle one
another at the midpoint)
It's a battle of stamina.
That's it! We're going to win!
- That's it! We're going to win!
- Hurry back in!
(Laughing)
- What are you doing?
- You didn't turn.
You didn't go around the midpoint.
We win. We win.
- You did well.
- We win.
Wait for him, go easy on us.
(Crashes in)
(Yeong-cheol tries to stop the giant)
You hit me first.
He purposely bumped into me.
Come back in, Jang-hoon!
Come back in, Jang-hoon.
(Turns away)
This makes me so mad. Geez.
Just a little more.
- Good job, good job.
- Come in all the way!
(Only one person per team is left)
(Laying down)
(Looking around)
- What are you doing?
- Jump over me.
- Hands! Hands!
- No, I didn't.
- I'm only stopping you from going forward.
- Okay.
(Tries harder)
You're stronger than I thought.
(Pushes again)
(Thank you for pushing me)
The more you hit me, the faster I'll go.
(She can't catch up to
Soo-geun, who is annoying her)
Push him. Push him with your butt.
Can I get some music?
I feel like I'm joking
with my older sister.
She could be your older
sister based on her height.
Push him and run away, Ha-nui.
(Soo-geun gets totally faked-out by Ha-nui)
(A horrible ending to
the king of annoyance)
You're so stupid!
(Ha-nui wins)
She's really good.
I really didn't know that would happen.
I swear to the heavens.
I thought she was going to
push me back, I really did.
I can't believe we won.
- This was pretty fun.
- Jajangmyeon!
Let's go eat jajangmyeon!
I really didn't think she'd do that.
(A mansion that looks extravagant
but somewhat spooky)
(The mansion is silent)
Let go! Let go!
You'd better let go! Let go of me!
Did you two wash your hands
before holding onto me?
I'm sensitive to cleanliness.
Where am I?
(Surprised)
Did I just get kidnapped from them?
That makes no sense. Who, me?
I'm so taken aback. But, where am I?
This place is so luxurious.
- Hey!
- I can't see anything.
- Can someone guide me?
- Where are we?
Did you put a blindfold on me?
Wait a second! Where are
you guys taking me?
I can see with my psychic powers.
Where are you taking us? Are
we doing a guerrilla concert?
I'm asking who put these blindfolds on me.
- Wait, stop it.
- I asked, who put this blindfold on me.
Is there free food somewhere?
Are you giving me a
surprise birthday party?
- Is there a special event?-
- Why are we all here?
- What's this?
- What's all this?
- Where are we?
- Wow, it's clean here.
- Who are all these bums?
- Who is he?
- Why was I brought here?
- You shouldn't be here, sir.
- Where am I?
Free meal tickets are over there.
I have something for you.
It's very precious to me.
(Searching)
- Don't say such mean things.
- I want to try that too.
He always gets fooled by that.
- I want to try it too. - Would you
like one? It's my prized possession.
I've been saving it.
- Aren't you that guy?
- Who?
I saw you at Seoul Station.
I don't think you're a
bum from our country.
How can you call me a bum?
Gross, that was my hair.
Where are we though?
Why were we dragged here?
- I know. - I don't think the
guys here are all normal.
Don't I seem the most normal here?
You guys look really strange.
- What going on? - I'm scared!
You're scaring Ho-dong! Let go!
Let go of me!
- His clothes are clean.
- You'd better let go of me!
You could free yourself
without much effort.
You'd better let go of me! Where am I?
I can't see anything.
The blindfold actually covers his face.
You're going to be in big trouble!
Ho-dong is scared!
Why do you keep wearing that same wig?
- Hello.
- Is that wig your new trademark?
- Are you going to keep using that wig?
- His hair changed again.
Why were we all dragged here?
Who are you guys and what do you do?
- Why did they suddenly drag us here?
- Who are you guys?
All the neighborhood bums are here.
Let's hurry and run away.
- Let's go. - I don't want to.
It's nice and clean here.
- Have we been captured?
- I can't stay here with you guys.
- I saw bodyguards here.
- Can we get out that way?
It's so luxurious here.
I like it here.
Who is she?
I see everyone is here.
Please, have a seat.
Sit down.
She's pretty.
- Come here.
- Who are you?
I own this mansion.
Why did you bring us here?
You all look pretty bad for
suddenly being dragged here...
but you have the freedom
to leave, if you want to.
But! You should decide after you
listen to what I have to say.
- I want to leave.
- Me too, I want to leave.
- I don't need to be here either.
- I actually kind of like it here.
- I'll decide after I hear what she says.
- Me too, I'll sit here for a while.
I should leave, it's not my house.
The reason I brought all of you here is...
to find my long-lost brother
I lost when I was young.
- Your older brother?
- I had a younger sister.
- Hold on.
I had a younger sister.
I brought dried seaweed for her.
My father passed away recently,
but left us his inheritance.
- (Quickly sits back down)
- Inheritance! Inheritance!
Keep talking, my little sister.
My father demanded I share his
inheritance with my brother.
Half of it. You need to share half.
I asked around to look for my brother.
All of you could be my older brother.
- One of us could be your real brother?
- Yes.
You're not her brother, I am.
- I'm her brother. - How can you be so
sure when you didn't know all this time?
- No, you're not.
- I knew I was her brother.
Who is my older brother?
Your older brother is me! It's me!
I finally found my long-lost sister.
Didn't you marry her older sister?
(What?)
Do you know how long I've looked for you?
Don't you remember me?
- You don't look alike.
- Look! We look exactly the same!
I used to walk you to the bathroom
at night when you needed to go.
Don't you remember? You used to dance
like a crab in front of me, too.
- Try dancing! - I think I remember.
- That's right!
She's hungry, she's hungry.
My little sister is hungry.
- She's hungry.
- I think I remember.
- I'm not hungry, you bum!
- It's me!
(I now know the feeling of being alone)
(It was all a mistake)
(She naturally dances along
with his sudden singing)
Do you think she's Kim Ji-hyun?
Don't you remember dancing
with me when we were younger?
- I had a bruise here.
- That's right!
- I'm her older brother!
- Sang-min!
You can't believe them, Ha-nui!
- You look like an ostrich.
- Oh, Ha-nui!
- Let me hug you!
- Okay.
How dare you try to make a move?
Ha-nui is my little sister. Watch!
Can you smile for me, Ha-nui?
Look at our dimples!
- It's the same as mine.
- Dimples!
Our dimples are deep
enough to carry our lunch.
How can he say such bold-faced lies?
- You must be kidding me.
- I can't believe him.
(Even Jang-hoon is embarrassed for him)
(I didn't take you for that kind of person)
Any which way! You're my little sister!
- No, she's my little sister.
- I have such faint memories.
She's my little sister!
No, she's my real sister. Look at them!
Is your face more like a dog or like a cat?
You look more like a pig!
Pig. Pig. Pig. Pig.
We look like pigs.
(Surprised)
I told you not to say that.
- I'm only stating the facts.
- She's my little sister.
Tell us why you think she's your sister.
Kimbab. She likes kimbab.
My sister is so pretty.
- You shouldn't eat that!
- I shouldn't?
Can't the bodyguards give him a
meal ticket and send him away?
That kimbab is five-years-old.
I've been saving this,
but I'll give it to you.
(Slaps)
He gets fooled all the time.
You had an older brother, who
is shorter than you, Ha-nui.
- A shorter brother? - You're tall,
so all our friends made fun of me.
Ha-nui was really ugly when she was young.
People say kids, who are ugly, grow
to be pretty when they're old.
I still can't stop myself from laughing
when I think how ugly you were.
How ugly was she?
She was as ugly as him when she was young.
- Wait a minute.
- He's not her real brother!
- She's been pretty all her life.
- I can't see our family genes in you.
Take a close look at my face.
You'll remember.
I don't think he remembers, who he is.
Dad used to ask why his son looked like a
damned bum. That's why I became a bum.
- I remember dad saying that.
- That's why I became like this.
But Ha-nui is pretty. I
have to give Ha-nui kimbab.
I have kimbab, candy and chocolate.
I have something else for you, Jang-hoon.
Show us one more time. One last time.
Show us one more time.
I'll kill you if you do it again.
I won't let you get away with it!
What are these bums thinking?
Look at our faces, we look alike.
Ha-nui! When you were young and
suffered from depression...
I sang all the time to make you laugh.
(Up, down, up, up and down)
That's dirty.
That is dirty. He's a bum.
- He's a dirty bum. - You're not mistaking
me for that other Hani, are you?
That's Hani and I'm Ha-nui.
- He didn't know.
- You caught him!
You're the Hani's brother, not her brother!
- Your name isn't Hani?
- No, it's Ha-nui.
You're not her brother, Hee-chul!
- Go away!
- Then, what's your name?
Do you know, who I am?
Geez, seriously!
You're hurting me!
Ha-nui!
- Next person, please.
- Watch me carefully, Ha-nui.
(I'm your older brother.
Your older brother!)
Security guard! He can't be my brother.
No one in my family looks like this.
- Take him away.
- Don't be like that, Ha-nui!
- Try smiling, Ha-nui.
- Me?
- Try smiling.
- It's a fact that they're not related.
Try smiling broadly, like this.
Do you see? You and I both
have the same scarlet gum-line.
I won't let go of you.
He's driving me crazy.
You need to be serious about this, Ha-nui.
Think very carefully.
Alright, alright.
I've heard from all of you.
Fortunately, dad left me some decisive
clues to finding my real brother.
- Great! - I'll see who my real
brother is through those tests.
The first clue my dad gave me was
that my brother was sort of a rebel.
Can't we test each to see who
the biggest rebel would be?
A rebel.
Great, Ho-dong! That's a great idea!
I'll test everyone here to
see who the real rebel is.
- Good. - Do you all know
the cham, cham, cham game?
- Yes, we do! - Let's play the
rebel version of cham, cham, cham.
If you want to win, you'll follow my
fingers instead of going the other way.
You'll pass the test if you
can get five in a row.
- I think my real brother might be
able to do that. - You're right.
- I played this game a lot
when I was young. - Me too.
You can't stay still. You have to move.
You have to move, no matter what.
- You need five in a row?
- It has to be the same direction.
- How many times?
- Five times.
- In a row? - Yeah.
- I'm going first!
- Let's try this.
- Let's go.
- Cham, cham, cham!
- Hold on.
- Wait a second!
- Next! You're out!
Next person! You're out. Come sit down.
- Go in the same direction!
- Let's see how well you do.
- My sister!
- Go ahead and watch.
My sister, I'm your brother.
- You're my older brother?
- Of course, I'm your older brother.
Cham, cham, cham!
- He was a bit late.
- He was.
(He passes the second time as well)
You really are my sister!
Brother!
(Somehow, she doesn't seem pleased)
- I'm your brother, aren't I?
- You have two more tries.
Cham, cham, cham!
- You're out!
- Come sit down.
(Punches him)
- Get out of here.
- We need to hurry up.
Cham, cham, cham!
- Let's go.
- Cham, cham, cham!
Get out of here!
Next person.
Cham, cham, cham!
Get out of here.
Ha-nui! I'm your brother.
- We should all stand in line.
- Go in order, go in order.
- You can't go again!
- You need to go fast.
- Cham, cham, cham!
- Next!
Good try.
- Lower your hand for him.
- Okay, I'll lower my stance.
- She's my sister.
- Let's try it.
- I've never seen him around.
- Cham, cham, cham! - I got this.
- What are you doing?
- I got this.
Why are you looking at my breasts?
Are you crazy? What are you doing?
Why? Why?
Wait! Look from my height. I'm
not purposely looking there.
I didn't do anything wrong.
I'm just looking straight.
- Can you stop hitting me?
- Something is wrong with him.
- I'm just looking forward. Go higher.
- Okay.
- Cham, cham, cham!
- I can get everything right.
- Cham, cham, cham! - I can get
everything right. I'll go first.
I'll turn first, you can follow me, sis'.
Cham, cham, cham!
(He gets out on the third try)
- My sister!
- Let's go.
Here. Cham, cham, cham!
- You're out.
- You're out, stand back here.
- Hurry, hurry it up!
- We're going again?
Only three times now.
- We only need to do it three times
in a row. - Cham, cham, cham!
- Hit him as hard as you can.
- Get out.
- Cham, cham, cham!
- Hit him hard!
- You need to him them harder.
- Take off your glasses.
Cham, cham, cham!
- Cham, cham, cham!
- He got it wrong. - This is hard.
Cham, cham, cham!
- One-time. - Cham, cham, cham!
- Two-times!
Cham, cham, cham!
(Ho-dong wins)
This can't be right!
(Ho-dong is my real brother?)
Yes, bow down to me!
- You do look like a pig.
- I think so too.
I wonder how big their inheritance is.
How big is the inheritance?
It's bigger than you can ever imagine.
Is it over a billion dollars?
It's not that much, but it'll
be enough to pay your debt.
Jang-hoon has more than that.
You can be my sister and
I'll just give you my half.
- I have about a billion.
- I'll be your brother.
- He's exaggerating his assets.
- Your assets grew since I last saw you.
Billion-dollar man, I'll be your brother.
Ho-dong seems the most rebellious
by being the green frog but...
- He doesn't look like a frog!
- More like a bullfrog.
He breaks the ecosystem.
We can't come to a conclusion yet.
My father left me another clue.
My real brother knows everything about me.
My brother knows what I
want, what I'm thinking...
and what I want to say just
by looking at my eyes.
- Of course, I know.
- I know everything.
I'm going to ask you a
couple of question...
but I already wrote down all my answers.
Try to guess exactly what I
wrote down as my answers.
I'll ask my first question.
If a friend were to ask to borrow a large sum
of money without asking any questions...
what would Ha-nui do, in the end?
I got it! She'd give 1/100
of the amount requested.
I'd let them have it? Nope.
- You'd take a promissory note.
- Nope.
- You could lose a friend over
money, so you deny them. - Nope.
- You let them borrow on a high interest.
- Nope.
- You use body parts as insurance.
- Which body part?
- An organ.
- Nope.
I'll give you a hint.
They asked me to not to ask or comment...
- You ask them questions and
comment on their loan. - Wow!
He's right.
I know exactly what my
little sister is thinking!
Wait a second. You bury them first?
- You would bury them?
- And open their neck.
- She's a criminal!
- You'd open their neck?
I'm too scared to look for my sister.
I'm leaving.
You'd better sit down before I
cut your neck open and bury you.
- She uses dialects really well.
- I know.
It's very probable that
Ho-dong is my real brother.
He's like a green frog.
- Next question.
- She's good about lending money.
No, you shouldn't do that.
- I was cheated a lot. - You shouldn't
lend money when your brother is a bum.
You should've taken care of your brother.
Let's say Ha-nui was in a full
elevator when she farted.
The whole elevator reeked of her stench.
How would Ha-nui react?
I think she'd be honest. I got it!
- "I farted".
- You're wrong.
I got it. You'd slap the person next
to you and say, "What are you doing?".
- "You're in a crowded elevator!".
- No, that's wrong.
I got it. You farted, but you'd look
to the person next to you and do this.
- Like this.
- I'd hold my breath?
- Yeah.
- Nope.
You'd blame it on your
manager, standing next to you.
"How could you fart in here?
Are you crazy?".
I don't like being cowardly, like that.
- You only get caught because
of your reaction. - No.
"People have such bad manners".
(Her unique actions get her caught)
You start pooping since
you've already farted.
No, that's wrong.
I got it!
"Everyone, get out! I'd
like to be by myself!".
You make a commotion.
- I'd make a commotion?
- Yeah.
I'd suddenly start yelling, "Get out! I
told you to get out! I want to be alone!".
No. I wouldn't say anything.
No, I wouldn't say anything. It's not
an action, but some sort of sound.
I got it.
(She starts smelling people next to her)
- No. - I got it.
- I don't say a word.
You'd cough.
You'd clear your throat.
- Clear my throat. You're right.
- Yeah!
Why would you clear your
throat if you farted?
Let's say I farted and it started to smell.
(Clearing her throat)
You made it more noticeable.
- You're telling them you farted.
- Did she fart right now, too?
- Why don't you just accept it?
- You should just apologize.
Is that what I should do? It
seems awkward to apologize.
(Clearing her throat)
Everyone can tell she's the one who farted.
That's kind of what Westerners would do.
Is this a true story?
- Hasn't anyone done that before?
- No.
- You don't?
- It's only you.
- We might look like this, but
we wouldn't do that. - I see.
- Alright.
- That makes me the most upset.
There are some restaurants that have
men and women use the same restrooms.
- There are. - I would use those
restrooms and only go number one.
I go in and someone before me had a
bowel movement that's very stinky.
The stench doesn't go away and
it lingers inside the restroom.
The odor lingers on the walls.
I only used the restroom to pee.
A lady would be waiting outside.
It's not like I can tell her
the stench wasn't from me.
You feel obligated to flush all the
toilets that people didn't flush.
You even clean up the urine sprays
because of people behind you.
People, who work here do it as well.
- Who is it?
- Let's catch them.
- I flush everyone's toilet.
- It's none of us. - If you think about
it, it's odors that people make.
- Who cares?
- It must be you, Ho-dong.
(We caught him)
- Whenever I try to use the restroom
here... - It's him, the bullfrog!
It's always dirty and it's never
flushed after a bowel movement!
- That's right. - There's always
one person that never flushes.
Your story of the restroom
was actually about you.
Why are you blaming other people?
Next question. I'm stranded
on a deserted island.
What would Ha-nui first do?
- She'd look for things to eat.
- No.
She'd find a place to keep herself safe.
What would I do to find such a place?
- You'd go look for wood!
- No.
- You'd find an empty space.
If I were to really be stranded
on a deserted island...
I got it! You'd go look for Kim Byung-man!
- I got it, didn't I?
- No, you're wrong.
- You'd find a sharp rock.
- No, be realistic.
- I wasn't trying to be funny
or make a joke. - Can I guess?
You go looking around the island.
- You're right. - That's the worst
thing you can do on a deserted island.
- You've been to one?
- No, I heard it on a survival show.
You shouldn't waste energy by
walking around the island.
You should immediately find
a place to make your base.
It's not good to move around a lot.
Hi. Yeah, it's me. Hi, Byung-man. Okay.
He says it's best not to
go to a deserted island.
- Byung-man is very wise.
- He just called me.
- It's his twin brother. - You should take
a shower if you have money for a phone.
(Flinches)
- That's a new phone.
- That's the newest technology.
- How does a bum have a phone?
- Are you trying to be stylish?
I'm sorry but I still don't
know, who my brother is.
What else do I need to
do for you to trust me?
Ha-nui! Can't you see that you and I
are spitting images of one another?
- He got you.
- I thought she might be cold.
Why do you have so many flowers on?
- Now, now!
- They aren't flowers, they're mold.
Your mold is very colorful.
You look like Joey Wong from A Chinese
Ghost Story that hasn't washed herself.
You do look like Joey Wong.
Everyone should calm down. I'll tell
you the last clue my dad left me.
He told me, my brother and
I enjoyed doing this.
Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
- I remember!
We played this game before.
Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
I thought those were molds!
I'm sure you're my real brother if you
remember playing this game with me.
Okay.
Should we start?
(A quest to find her brother: Lee
Ha-nui flower has bloomed game)
(The winner will put on pants and
a jacket and get to Ha-nui first)
(I'm ready)
- Let's get it.
- I'm ready, my sister!
(Who will be Ha-nui's real brother?)
I'll start.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
You wilted as soon as you bloomed.
- Good, god.
- We're allowed to talk, aren't we?
Of course, you can keep talking.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
(They turn to ice again)
(Statue-mode)
Sang-min, you keep on moving.
I see everyone.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
I think you guys are moving. Jang-hoon?
I thought I saw Jang-hoon move a bit.
- I can't see that side well.
- Min Kyung-hoon, you're a jerk.
- My toes are getting cramped.
- You're moving!
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
(Kyung-hoon and Hee-chul are in danger)
Kyung-hoon's neck keeps on moving.
Do you think you'll be okay, Sang-min?
Alright, let's see.
(He falls down)
(Sang-min is out)
You're out, you're out.
(The game starts again)
Lee Ha-nui flower is about to bloom
or has it already bloomed already?
My goodness!
Lee Ha-nui flower is about to bloom
or has it already bloomed already?
My goodness!
I'm first. Right?
- I'm first, aren't I?
- You're hurting me.
Did I hear your knuckles cracking?
I'm in first place, right? I'm first!
I came in first!
Hold on.
- The clothes are too big.
- You guys are good.
- The pants are too big for me.
- You're really fast.
- Are you guys ready? - Yeah!
- Okay, okay.
- I'm starting.
- Okay.
Geez!
- Who was it?
- Lee Soo-geun just farted.
- Clear your throat.
- Get out of here.
You should clear your throat
if you fart in the elevator.
That's what Ha-nui told us to do.
(Take that)
She's so funny!
(Ha-nui plays it off perfectly)
Wait, Ha-nui. What makes
you think it was me?
- Is it because they told you?
- You cleared your throat.
I bet you anything that
Ha-nui's hand is going to rot.
Be careful, Ha-nui.
I left enough for you
to play your gayageum.
I'm starting.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
Lee Ha-nui flower was about
to bloom and now it has!
Wow, that's good.
(It's hard to move rashly
with her irregular attacks)
Why do you look like that, Kyung-hoon?
Okay.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Moving)
(He likes catching the other guys)
(He automatically poses for his penalty)
(Trying to make him fall down)
He must've farted.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Shaking)
- Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
- My goodness.
Aren't you automatically out?
Hyeong-cheol kind of moved as well.
Tell him he's out. Just kick him out.
Okay, I'll do that.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Surprised)
Come here, Yeong-cheol.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Yeong-cheol is out)
- This is too hard.
- Come here, Yeong-cheol.
- This isn't going my way.
- We all knew you'd be out soon.
You knew he'd be out this time?
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Wiggling)
Are they fighting over pants?
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(None of them are willing to give up)
They're having fun fighting over pants.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Tumbling down)
Wait! Did everyone get out?
Him, him, him!
- He's still in it.
- Is he?
Excuse me.
(I'm still in the game)
(Three people were still in
it after Yeong-cheol got out)
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(She's so excited)
(Ha-nui's perspective)
(Excuse me, wait a second)
(What about me?)
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(What does she want me to do?)
(Keeps putting on his clothes)
(This horrible world only pays
attention to tall people)
Why didn't you pay attention to Soo-geun?
- I didn't even see you.
- You should see your brother.
You and Jang-hoon can be in the finals.
I don't know if I won. She wouldn't
even look at me while I was moving.
Didn't you see Soo-geun?
Wow, this is amazing.
- She only looked at us.
- I know. She only saw you guys.
- I know.
- Wow, this is amazing.
You two can be in the finals.
That was really funny.
- This is the finals, isn't it?
- Yeah.
(Yipee-Dee-doo-dah! I'm spinning!)
(Just a bundle of joy)
Are you really my brother?
He really has gone crazy.
- I'm starting.
- Okay.
- This is it.
(Totally focused)
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
That doesn't  matter.
- Wow, he's using his head.
- I know.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
You need to wear your
clothes before you start.
- You need to wear it first, giant!
- What?
- He threw his clothes over there.
- Clothes don't matter.
He lost already. He was
supposed to wear it too.
Why are you guys fighting over this?
Can't you enjoy playing this game?
Isn't Lee Ha-nui flower has
bloomed supposed to be fun?
- Why are you being so competitive?
- That's right, it's all for fun.
I'm starting.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(Satisfied?)
Why are you explaining things to us?
It's just a game!
(Just keep going)
He probably thinks this is
kind of ambiguous as well.
- Don't ask us, ask Ha-nui.
- Okay, okay.
It's still okay. At least until now.
Try not to move at all.
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
(The two are keeping each other in check)
Can you stop stepping on my clothes?
We're trying to be happy, why
are you guys so serious?
Can't you guys enjoy yourselves?
- This isn't a real tournament.
- No, this is fun and thrilling.
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
(A big accident)
Did we need to take the game so seriously?
Is my underwear showing?
I can't believe you're still not moving.
- Is my underwear showing?
- No, it's okay.
It's okay since we've already
seen everyone else's underwear.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed!
(One viewer laughs his head off)
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
(The two aren't giving up an inch)
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
They're neck and neck.
It looks like street art.
They look like some sort of hip-hop team.
- They look like they're in a hip-hop club.
- That's right.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
(Flapping around)
- He's flying.
- Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
Lee Ha-nui flower has bloomed.
(Both of them only have pants left)
(He gets one foot in)
Has Lee Ha-nui flower bloomed or not.
It bloomed!
(He gets the other foot in)
Damn it!
(The giant falls)
(Jang-hoon loses)
- You tried everything to win.
- Why did you try so hard?
Why did you fall down?
(He loses from trying to be too greedy)
- The pant legs got to him.
- I can't believe how serious he was.
Did you see how hard he was trying?
- Didn't he cause this to happen?
- He was so annoyed when he fell.
(Damn it!)
I can't believe how hard you tried.
Geez, seriously!
Good job, good job.
I thought I had won once I put
my left food through my pants.
I forced my foot in too
fast and I lost my balance.
When you were falling...
Your expression looked like this.
- Did you see how annoyed he was
when he was falling? - Yeah, I did.
- Because things didn't go his way.
- Jang-hoon really wanted to win.
Does this mean Soo-geun
is your real brother?
I really think I know who
my real brother is now.
If all of you open your
arms and yell, "Ha-nui"...
I'll go to my real brother
and give him a hug.
Can you give me some Fabreeze?
- Why?
- I'm afraid she won't come near me.
(Sniffing)
- Did Seo Jang-hoon win?
- Let's all open our arms.
- Push the guys you think aren't
your brother. - Okay, let's go.
I'm going.
- The person I know isn't my brother is...
- She's over on our side.
- She's coming this way.
- This feels really odd.
This feels really strange.
- Are you okay, Hee-chul?
- Bye, Hee-chul!
Why don't you think it's me?
You're my friend.
- You can't be my brother.
- That's true.
- I'm starting.
- It's better to get kicked off early.
(They close their eyes)
- My real brother is... - Kyung-hoon
is acting so serious by himself.
Wait! Everyone needs to close their
eyes and not look at each other.
Why did he suddenly close his eyes?
- Weren't we supposed to close our eyes?
- Close your eyes.
- I'm starting.
She's kicking someone else out.
(Kyung-hoon is out)
- Why isn't it me?
- I'm still alive.
- You're younger than me.
- That's right, he is.
- Come here, Kyung-hoon. It's okay.
- I'm still in it.
(The next person to get
kicked out is Yeong-cheol)
- Why not me?
- Just because.
- I thought so too. I knew this
would happen. - Last four.
(Unpredictably, only four are left)
Let's try playing fair this time.
You guys didn't know you'd
last this long, did you?
- Final four, final four!
- I went to the final last time as well.
Final four!
- Let's go.
- I'm starting.
My real brother is one of you guys.
Push him out with a round-house kick.
(Okay, I got it)
(Kicks)
(Round-house low kick)
Do it again.
- He's not budging.
- Did something happen?
No, no. Nothing happened at all.
You can't pretend like nothing happened!
Nothing happened. Close your eyes,
close your eyes, close your eyes.
- One of you is my brother.
- I can keep this up.
(Full-swing on the second-time)
(Something is making him itchy)
How come Ho-dong isn't your brother?
Three people left.
You're no better than a beggar.
- I don't look like a pig.
- That's right, he can't be her brother.
- Just as I thought, you look more
like a dog. - My dad told me...
"You didn't grow very tall because you
were busy taking care of your sister".
I'll decide now.
- It's time for a decision.
- This is good.
- Come on. - Is it really Jang-hoon,
who tried everything to win?
That's right.
Is it that person, who is
sweet but has a lot of debt?
Or, could it be this person, who
smells but tried his very best?
- I'll decide now.
- Dad told me to give this to my sister.
My real brother is...
Dad told me to give this to my sister.
(Who will it be?)
This person.
- Why?
- Are you sure?
(Confused)
- What's with the turn of events?
- Is this a dream or what?
Your debts can be cleared now.
- Your debts can be cleared.
- I can't believe he won.
He didn't do anything!
- Where have been all this time?
- I've never seen a decision like this.
How did he get chosen when he didn't
come in first place for anything?
You could clear all your debt today.
- I didn't recognize my sister.
- I'm so happy to see you again.
I also have really good news.
Now that I've found you, I'll
split dad's inheritance with you.
Don't be surprised by dad's inheritance.
Dad's inheritance is 10 million dollars.
10 million dollars?
- He left us a debt of 10 million dollars!
- Why you damned #%^&*!
- He left you debt?
- His debt was 10 million.
If we split it, you'll only
owe 5 million dollars!
At least he has some experience.
- That's right, you have experience.
- I think Sang-min is really crying.
It's better than for him to pay the debt...
since he's already had
experience paying down his debt.
He's more experienced than anyone else.
Keep going until 2020.
- I need to confirm this through
paternity testing. - Sang-min!
- You're my brother.
- Really? - Yes, you are.
I need to find my younger brother as
well, so I can split the debt again.
I'm busy, I'll see you later.
- Bye, it was fun.
- Okay, bye! It was fun!
- Bye, brother!
- Wow, congratulations.
- Not that way!
(Screaming)
(An ending with many turn of events)
Did she fall off the cliff?
We changed the cliff to go
on that side last time.
He said he was traumatized and couldn't
be on a show with you anymore, Ho-dong.
- Give me a name. Who?
- Ye-sung.
(The name has left Ho-dong
trembling with betrayal)
(Ye-sung, the name he couldn't speak of)
(He's here)
(Variety show idols, Super Junior)
Artistic voice! Ye-sung!
I try to avoid city named Chun Ho-dong
since I'm scared of the name.
He hid himself with his
hair because he's scared.
- You should cut this shorter.
- (Scared)
- You need to keep smiling. Smile.
- He's a terrorist.
Ho- dong, I love you.
Good job!
I think he's the best variety
show guest and idol.
(He dances Ho-dong's favorite dance)
(Swag)
- What's with the tongue?
- Square. - Something fat.
Try again.
(Try to guess this as well)
- You're missing a screw.
- No, my in-grown toenail is growing again.
I think I'd rather be a
part of Ask Us Anything.
His emotional highs and lows are extreme.
A girl group debuted, and I saw
two girls Hee-chul dated.
Dizzy)
No. Leeteuk, himself, is
our group's weak link.
There was a time when I
hated my group members.
I really hated them.
- I hate it when one of our members
does this. - When do you like us?
Do you think our album will be
promoted by us coming on this show?
Being a strong man is in the past.
I'm going to break you!
What will the outcome be?
Who will win this battle?
(The finals for the strongest arm-wrestler)
(Ask Us Anything, every
Saturday night at 8:50)
Fact is important for variety
shows as well. What happened?
I tried everything to be
accepted by you, Ho-dong.
(Getting over traumas class)
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea